README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  LayerZero-python-aptos
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Brought to you by Let's Code</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
<!--   <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="React Native is released under the MIT license." />
  </a> -->
  <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=LetsCodeWeb3">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/LetsCodeWeb3?label=Follow%20@LetsCodeWeb3" alt="Follow @LetsCodeWeb3" />
  </a>
</p>

## About Us

Since our entrance into the cryptocurrency sphere in 2017, we've discovered that composability is a critical factor for institutions seeking to apply real-world use cases. The companies we've advised come from diverse backgrounds and utilize a wide variety of tech stacks, including PHP, C#, and C++. In this diverse landscape, Aptos has made a significant contribution by offering an official Python SDK, positioning Python as a universal language for scripting various DeFi scenarios. 

However, our enthusiasm was dampened when LayerZero, a key piece in the multichain puzzle, did not follow suit and only provided a JavaScript SDK. Recognizing this gap, we took the initiative to translate the JavaScript SDK into Python, rigorously testing it to ensure a high level of confidence in its functionality. We are excited to make this translated SDK available to the public. 

Our goal was to maintain a code structure and layout similar to the original JavaScript version to keep maintenance costs as low as possible. We look forward to seeing how the community utilizes this tool and any contributions they might make. 

Donations to support our work are greatly appreciated.

## Description
The idea behind this repo is to replicate some core bridging functionality
to make someting like LayerZero-aptos-sdk but for Python.

## Documentation

TBD: [@ikapeykin](https://github.com/ikapeykin)

## Donations
APT: 0xbe61cf73777d20a98a59bf9e2901604ef73fae5e21ed2d6e0693387e8f01c154

Commit message:

Mention project contributors in README.md

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  LayerZero-python-aptos
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Brought to you by Let's Code</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
<!--   <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="React Native is released under the MIT license." />
  </a> -->
  <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=LetsCodeWeb3">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/LetsCodeWeb3?label=Follow%20@LetsCodeWeb3" alt="Follow @LetsCodeWeb3" />
  </a>
</p>

## About Us

Since our entrance into the cryptocurrency sphere in 2017, we've discovered that composability is a critical factor for institutions seeking to apply real-world use cases. The companies we've advised come from diverse backgrounds and utilize a wide variety of tech stacks, including PHP, C#, and C++. In this diverse landscape, Aptos has made a significant contribution by offering an official Python SDK, positioning Python as a universal language for scripting various DeFi scenarios. 

However, our enthusiasm was dampened when LayerZero, a key piece in the multichain puzzle, did not follow suit and only provided a JavaScript SDK. Recognizing this gap, we took the initiative to translate the JavaScript SDK into Python, rigorously testing it to ensure a high level of confidence in its functionality. We are excited to make this translated SDK available to the public. 

Our goal was to maintain a code structure and layout similar to the original JavaScript version to keep maintenance costs as low as possible. We look forward to seeing how the community utilizes this tool and any contributions they might make. 

Donations to support our work are greatly appreciated.

## Description
The idea behind this repo is to replicate some core bridging functionality
to make someting like LayerZero-aptos-sdk but for Python.

## Documentation

TBD: [@ikapeykin](https://github.com/ikapeykin)

## 👨‍💻 Contributors
We are incredibly grateful to all the contributors in open source, and we highly appreciate your efforts. Each commit warms our hearts <3 

[bobu4](https://github.com/bobu4)
